In my dual profession as an educator and health care provider, I have worked with numereuchilnn infected with the virus that causes AIDS. The relationships that I have had with these speciayc s have been gifts in my life. They have taught me so many thingsbut I have especially learned that great courage can be found in the smallest of packages. Let me tell you about Tyler.

Tyler was born infected with HIV: his mother was also infected. Fronnrvery beginning of his life, he was dependent on medications to enable hint survive. When he was five, he had a tube surgically inserted in a vein in his chest. This tube was connected to a pumpwhich he carried in a small backpack on his bacItr
ciad..beelwyl¡ked up to this pump and were continuously supplied through this tube to his bloodstream. At times, he also needed supplemented oxygen to support his breathing.

Tyler wasn¡¯t willing to give up one single moment of his childhood to this deadly disease. It was not unusual to find him playing and racing around his bavahqgwearing his medicine-laden backpack and dragging his tan knoxygen behind him in his little wagon. All of us who knew Tyler marveled at his pure joy in being alive and the energy it gave him. Tyler¡¯s mom often teased him by telling him that he moved so fast she needed to dress him in red. That way, when she peered through the window to check on him playinf  the yard, she coulttuic   nspot him.

This dreaded disease eventually wore down even the likes of a little dynamo like Tyler. He grew quite ill andgnfortunately, so did his HIV-infected mother. When it became appareny aghe wasn¡¯t going to survive, Tyler¡¯s mom talked to him about death. She comforted him by telling Tyler that she was dying too, and that she wouyurwith him soon in heaven.

A few days before his death, Tyler beckoned me over to his hospital bed and whispered, ¡°I might die soon. I¡¯m not scared. When I die, please dress me in red. Mom promised she¡¯s coming to heaven, too. I¡¯ll be playing when she gets there, and I want to make sure she can find me.¡±